Getting started on a project is often the hardest part.
The easiest way to get started is to develop a plan.
First, outline the steps you'll need to take to accomplish the project.
It's often helpful to draw out what you want your application to look like.
Then, think about the general architecture you want your app to have.
For example, where do I put the state?
Which components will need access to the state?
If you spend some time planning your app upfront,
I guarantee you that you'll save yourself a lot of debugging time later on.
Then, develop the app piece by piece.
Get each piece working in isolation,
and then connect the pieces together.
Test your app at every step along the way.
Finally, before submitting your project,
be sure to compare your app against
the project rubric to make sure it meets all of the specifications.
Also, try to break it,
try to squish those bugs,
and then test all the required functionality again to make sure your app still works,
and then it still meets all of the specifications.